Class 07 Learning Journal:

Code Review: No real questions for the class which lead to a teaching moment of white boarding techniques. We had a classmate, Eugene Monnier, walk us through his thought process of whiteboarding a code challenge. So this was a code review for those who need help on that challenge, as well as a learning moment for whiteboarding. All done with a word document which is he was able to explain each part , Problem domain, visual, big o, edge cases, and algorithm. It shows that we don't need huge crazy visuals in order to explain our logic.  

New Content: Covered a lot more than I could remember. We talked about a whole new way of testing, different from unit testing. This tests we learned about is how to test the actual gameplay of our game. It work creates a mock versions of built in python functions and is able to compare what is printed to the console to an expected output that we have saved in a text file. Ah-hah! This made a lot of sense working with Skylar, with our Game class taking in an optional "roller" this was so we could substitute which version of a roller to use. Use the GameLogic version or Use Flo's version. After this clicked, it makes sense how we get to substitute in pieces that might be random or unknown to an automated test but we do know what the format will be.  

Lab: Lots of of new features, Greedy 3 brought the game up to playable status. There is a plenty of room for improvement and possibly condensing code down or breaking it down even more. Currently we have a function that might be doing little more work then it should which it is working. As a team we are always refactoring as we go so it probably will not be long before we fix that heavy function. Next up, I was able to read ahead last night for todays lab. I read class 08, list comprehension, and this was amazing knowledge for this current lab. Possibly might be something to have as a Bookmark/Skim over the weekend leading into this week and then again have it required reading for class 08. Its quite a handy tool and saves a lot writing!.

Thanks!